Adding a warning about running different Linux OSs in a Kurl install (#1115)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/markdown-pages/install-with-kurl/system-requirements.md

*&ast; This version is deprecated since it is no longer supported by its creator. We continue to support it, but support will be removed in the future.*

> > Note: Using Kurl to install a cluster on virtual machines using different Linux distributions (e.g. RHEL for the control plane nodes and Ubuntu for worker nodes) is not supported and can lead to unrecoverable situations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: All nodes in a multi-node kURL cluster must use the same Linux distribution. Using different distributions across nodes is unsupported.
```
